Assignment 6
1. Create a 2 bit comparator using basic gates.

2.Create a 4 bit comparator. Use buses for each of the input signal lines

 Submit the following 1. .vhd file for generating the schematic design of circuit 2. .vhd file for generating the test bench  3.a screen shot for the schematic diagram generated 4. a screen shot for the waveform generated 


Assignment 7
 1.Create 8:1 Multiplexer  with select line. Use buses for each of the input signal lines Submit the following

2.Create 1:8 DeMultiplexer  with select line. Use buses for each of the input signal lines Submit the following

1. .vhd file for generating the schematic design of MUX and DE-MUX circuit

2. .vhd file for generating the test bench

3.a screen shot for the schematic diagram generated

4. a screen shot for the waveform generated



Assignment 8
Design a behavioral simulation of SR flip flop, JK flip flop and  D flip flop . Upload the following, 1. .vhd file for the schematic 2. .vhd file for test bench 3. screenshot for the schematic diagram 4. screen shot for the simulation . Consider clock period = 1 ps

 Assignment 9
A) Design a 4-bit serial in and parallel out shift register.

B) Design a 4-bit parallel in and serial out shift register.

Upload the .vhd file for generation of the structural schematic.

Upload the .vhd test bench for generating the test bench.

Upload screenshots for RTL.

Upload screenshots for wave forms.





Assignment 10
Design 4 bit up down counter.

1. .vhd file for generating the schematic design

2. .vhd file for generating the test bench

3.a screen shot for the schematic diagram generated

4. a screen shot for the waveform generated


Assignment 11
Design 4-bit simple ALU and Upload the following,

1. .vhd file for the schematic

2. .vhd file for test bench

3. screenshot for the schematic diagram

4. screen shot for the simulation .



Assignment 12
Design memory modules for a RAM and Upload the following,

1. .vhd file for the schematic

2. .vhd file for test bench

3. screenshot for the schematic diagram

4. screen shot for the simulation .